=Advertisement Optimization Overview=

Reports of Advertisement Optimization section not only help you in testing your site relevance for the keywords, campaigns, sources, types of marketing activities or search engine-keyword combinations but also help in analyzing which of them result in the highest quality traffic and provide the greatest return for the least cost.

Integration the reports of Advertisement Optimization section to AdWords related features such as the Keyword Tool, Tag Manager and Campaign Daily Budget recommendations allow you to improve your on-line campaigns( e.g. to generate new successful keywords, add them in AdWords, tag ads and keywords by using of Urchin tools, and etc.)

The Advertisement Optimization section contains the following reports:

==Marketing Campaign Results==

  * Campaign Conversion: The Campaign Conversion report displays which campaigns result in the highest quality traffic. This report lists all of your marketing campaigns (i.e. any campaign which you have specified in a referral link) with respect to number of visits, pageviews per visit, conversion rates, and average visit value.

  * Source Conversion: The Source Conversion report shows which referral sources drive the highest quality traffic. This report compares referral sources with respect to number of visits, pageviews per visit, conversion rates, and average visit value.

  * Medium Conversion: The Medium Conversion report displays which types of marketing activities drive the highest quality traffic. This report compares mediums (such as email programs, paid keywords, and organic searches) with respect to number of visits, pageviews per visit, conversion rates, and average visit value.

  * Campaign ROI: The Campaign ROI report displays which campaigns provide the greatest return for the least cost. This report lists all of your marketing campaigns (i.e. any campaign you have used in a referral link) with respect to number of visits, cost, revenue, cost per acquisition (cost/visits), revenue per acquisition (revenue/visits), and ROI ( `[`Revenue - Cost`]`/Cost).

  * Source ROI: The Source ROI report shows which referral sources provide the greatest return for the least cost. This report compares sources with respect to number of visits, cost, revenue, cost per acquisition (cost/visits), revenue per acquisition (revenue/visits), and ROI ( `[`Revenue - Cost`]`/Cost). 

  * Medium ROI: The Medium ROI report displays which types of marketing activities provide the greatest return for the least cost. This report compares mediums with respect to number of visits, cost, revenue, cost per acquisition (cost/visits), revenue per acquisition (revenue/visits), and ROI ( `[`Revenue - Cost`]`/Cost).

  * Performance Comparison: The Performance Comparison report allows you to compare performance across medium/source combinations with respect to different dimensions and metrics.